Add propagate upstream trace flags to Serverless / Step Functions (#23753)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/step_functions/installation.md

3. Instrument your Step Function.

   ```shell
   datadog-ci stepfunctions instrument \
    --step-function <STEP_FUNCTION_ARN> \
    --forwarder <FORWARDER_ARN> \
    --env <ENVIRONMENT> \
    --propagate-upstream-trace

   ```
   - Replace `<STEP_FUNCTION_ARN>` with the ARN of your Step Function. Repeat the `--step-function` flag for each Step Function you wish to instrument.
   - Replace `<FORWARDER_ARN>` with the ARN of your Datadog Lambda Forwarder, as noted previously.
   - Replace `<ENVIRONMENT>` with the environment tag you would like to apply to your Step Functions.

>    - `--propagate-upstream-trace` is optional, and will update your Step Function definitions to inject Step Function context into any downstream Step Function or Lambda invocations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `--propagate-upstream-trace` is optional, and updates your Step Function definitions to inject Step Function context into any downstream Step Function or Lambda invocations.
```
